The Tower Commission report, whichsays President Reagan was ignorant about much of the Iran armsdeal, just about ends his prospects of regaining politicaldominance in Washington, political analysts said.    "This is certification of incompetence," private politicalanalyst Stephen Hess told Reuters in commenting on the Towerreport made public today.    "It's as if he went before a professional licensing boardand was denied credentials."    In one of the most direct criticisms, board chairman JohnTower, a longtime Reagan supporter and former Republicansenator from Texas, told a press conference, "The presidentclearly did not understand the nature of this operation."    The report, which lent credence to widespread opinion inWashington that Reagan is not in full command of thegovernment, was particularly damaging because it was preparedby a board of the Republican president's own choosing.    The three-member panel made up of Tower, former NationalSecurity Adviser Brent Scowcroft and former Secretary of StateEdmund Muskie, does not carry the partisan taint of criticismfrom a Congress controlled by the Democratic party.    "We're falling by our own hand," said one Republicanpolitical strategist. "What can we say except 'we're sorry, wewon't do it again'?"    The strategist, who works for one of his party's top 1988presidential contenders and asked not to be identified, saidthe report was like "an anvil falling on us."    Hess, with the Brookings Institution public policy studygroup, said the report is the final blow to Reagan's hopes ofregaining the upper hand he once had in dealings with Congress,the press and the Washington bureaucracy.    The report may also undermine the standing of DefenseSecretary Caspar Weinberger and Secretary of State GeorgeShultz, who the report suggests were more interested in keepingtheir own skirts clean than supporting the president.    "They protected the record as to their own positions on thisissue. They were not energetic in attempting to protect thepresident from the consequences," it said.    White House chief of staff Donald Regan and former CentralIntelligence Agency Director William Casey also received strongcriticism, but the blows were expected in their cases.    Regan, expected to resign or be fired shortly, was savagedfor allegedly failing both to help Reagan conduct the Iraninitiative and to avoid "chaos" in the disclosure process.    Casey, who underwent surgery for removal of a cancerousbrain tumor in December, had already resigned for healthreasons last month.    "This is a story about people who came up somewhat short ofbeing heroes," Tower told reporters.    While Reagan retains considerable constitutional powers,including command of the armed forces and the right to vetolegislation, analysts say it will be difficult for him toretake control of the country's policy agenda -- particularlywith Congress controlled by the Democrats.    The crucial remaining question, they said, is whether theman in the street will forsake Reagan over the affair.    Although his job approval rating has fallen as much astwenty percentage points in some opinion polls since the armsdeal with Iran became public last November, his personalpopularity is still relatively high.    A Los Angeles Times poll released earlier this week showedthat just 37 pct of those surveyed thought Reagan was incontrol of the government, but 55 pct still thought he wasdoing a good job as president.    American Enterprise Institute analyst William Schneider, aDemocrat, says Reagan's loss of support among Washington powerbrokers could be offset by continued backing of the public.    "In the past, he has been able to go around the power eliteby appealing directly to the public," Schneider said.    Reagan will again plead his case that way in a televisedaddress next week.    But one top Republican strategist warned against expectinga dramatic turnaround.    "The White House has to avoid building expectations thatcannot be met," said the strategist, who requested anonymity."They have to recognize there is no quick fix."    Analysts also point out that Reagan's personal popularityhas not always translated into public backing for his policies.    They note he was dramatically rebuffed in last November'selections when voters rejected his appeals and restored controlof the Senate to the Democrats. Reuter&#3;