A surprise 7.5 pct drop in U.S. Januarydurable goods orders points to a slowdown in capital spendingthat could presage lackluster real growth in the U.S. economyin the first quarter of 1987, economists said.    With total orders, excluding the volatile defense sector,falling a record 9.9 pct, economists agreed that the reportpainted a bleak picture for the U.S. economy.    But they stressed that the 1987 tax reform laws may be aprimary factor behind the drop in orders for business capitalinvestment.    "It's a rather gloomy outlook for the economy, said DavidWyss of Data Resources Inc. "I'm particularly impressed by the19.7 pct drop in non-defense capital goods orders because itmay be a sign that businesses are reacting more adversely totax reform than we thought."    The Commerce Department pointed out that a record 14.8 pctdecline in new orders for machinery was led by declines inoffice and computing equipment orders.    Economists said the drop in computer orders may have been aresponse to the lengthening of depreciation schedules and theend of the investment tax credit under the new tax laws.    "It's more expensive to invest than it used to be, sopeople just aren't doing it as much," Wyss said.     Increases in durable goods orders at year's end reinforcedthe view that businesses anticipated the changing tax laws,economists said.    November durable goods orders rose 5.1 pct and December'sincreased 1.5 pct, revised upwards from a previously reported0.9 pct.    But most acknowledged that the huge January drop was causedby more than tax reform.    "The wash-out that took place in January was far greaterthan the actual gains that took place in November andDecember," said Bill Sullivan of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. "Theeconomy has a weakening bent to it early in the year."    "The report definitely points to very sluggish capitalspending over the next couple of quarters," said Donald Maudeof Midland Montagu Capital Markets Inc.    Maude pointed to a continuing decline in order backlogs asevidence that the outlook for new orders is not improving. InNovember, order backlogs rose 0.6 pct, but in December theyfell 0.6 pct and in January 0.7 pct, he said.    "It suggests orders in the pipeline are depleting, whichmay quickly translate to a drop in production," MidlandMontagu's Maude said.    Wyss cautioned that too much should not be made ofJanuary's report, given that other reports have reflectedstrength.    But he acknowledged that the decline occurred despite a 51pct rise in defense orders, compared with a 57.7 pct decline inDecember.    He also noted that there was a 6.9 pct drop in Januaryshipments, compared with a 5.4 pct rise in December.    "Given these numbers, there's no reason for the Fed totighten," Data Resources' Wyss said.    "But there's no reason to ease unless we see more numberslike this. The Fed will wait and see," he added.    Sullivan predicted the Fed will ease by Easter. "Peoplearen't talking recession or Fed easing now, but the Fed willhave to ease to ensure global growth." Reuter&#3;