Quebecor Inc, one of Canada's largestpublishing and printing companies, is likely to launch a newdaily newspaper in Montreal, probably this fall, presidentPierre Peladeau told Reuters in an interview.    The company, which last week won a bid to buy the Quebecgovernment's 55 pct interest in pulp and paper company &lt;DonohueInc>, will also likely go ahead with plans to build a new papermill in Matane, Quebec, Peladeau said.    "I would say we will move (ahead with the daily).... Thisis not definite but i think we will," he said, adding that heplans to announce a decision early next week.    Quebecor, which had revenues of 446 mln Canadian dlrs lastyear and profit of 16.2 mln dlrs, already publishes three dailynewspapers, including the tabloid Le Journal de Montreal, thesecond-largest circulation paper in Canada.    A new daily would give Montreal its second English-language paper and its sixth daily newspaper, making the citythe most crowded metropolitan newspaper market in NorthAmerica, analysts have said.    Peladeau said market studies have indicated a new Englishlanguage tabloid would have circulation of 50,000 within sixmonths. He said he is waiting to determine whether the newventure would have the support of major advertisers.    Peladeau, who together with family members owns about 55pct of Quebecor, said he has recieved offers from the heads oftwo major Canadian companies who are interested in the projectbut has not decided whether he would take partners in thenewspaper venture.    He said he would consider launching the newspaper with oneof the companies as a prelude to other joint ventures.    "It would be the possibility of doing something else in theshort term," Peladeau said.    Peladeau said the joint acquisition of Donohue with RobertMaxwell's British Printing and Communications Corp plc &lt;BPCL.L>does not mean Quebecor will have to hold off on other projects.    Peladeau and Maxwell's companies teamed up to buy the stakein Donohue, which resulted in Quebecor buying 51 pct of thegovvernment's stake for about 165 mln Canadian dlrs and Britishprinting acquiring the other 49 pct.    "In 1976 or 77 there was a tremendous shortage ofnewsprint. There were days when we didn't have enough paper toprint the paper," Peladeau said. "When I lived that, I said tomyself...next time we'll be ready."    Peladeau said most of Donohue's current total newsprintcapacity however, is already committed to other buyers.    Quebecor uses about 100,000 metric tons of newsprint a yearand Maxwell's company, which publishes Britain's Daily Mirrornewspaper, uses about 200,000 tonnes.    Peladeau said even with a new 170 mln dlr paper machine, 49pct owned by the New York Times, (NYT.A), adding to Donohue's540,000 metric tonne capacity this fall, the companies willhave to install another paper machine at Amos, Quebec, or buildanother mill to meet their demands .    He said a new mill, which would produce either newsprint orother types of paper, would cost 400-500 mln dlrs and could beon stream in two years. He said a mill in Matane, a depressedarea with high unemployment, would be heavily subsidized by thegovernment.    Peladeau said he is interested in further joint ventureswith Maxwell's company, either in the newspaper market inFrance or in the U.S., where the company owns two largeprinting plants and is looking to expand its newspaper empire.    He said Maxwell's sons, who are French citizens, wouldprovide an entree into the French market, where foreigners areprevented from buying newspapers. Peladeau said he wouldconsider either buying into or starting daily newspapers inFrance or the U.S.    Quebecor is also in the process of expanding its chain ofabout 40 weekly newspapers, with the possible acquisition oftwo groups of weekly newspapers in the U.S., and is negotiatingthe acquisition of two weekly newspaper chains in Canada,Peladeau said.    He said the company may consider starting daily newspapersin two small Quebec cities and buying radio stations in theprovince.    Peladeau said Quebecor may also consider trading in itslisting on the American stock exchange for a New York StockExchange listing. Reuter&#3;