U.S. bank discount window borrowingsless extended credits averaged 310 mln dlrs in the week toWednesday February 25, the Federal Reserve said.    The Fed said that overall borrowings in the week fell 131mln dlrs to 614 mln dlrs, with extended credits up 10 mln dlrsat 304 mln dlrs. The week was the second half of a two-weekstatement period. Net borrowings in the prior week averaged 451mln dlrs.    Commenting on the two-week statement period ended February25, the Fed said that banks had average net free reserves of644 mln dlrs a day, down from 1.34 billion two weeks earlier.    A Federal Reserve spokesman told a press briefing thatthere were no large single day net misses in the Fed's reserveprojections in the week to Wednesday.    He said that natural float had been "acting a bitstrangely" for this time of year, noting that there had beenpoor weather during the latest week.    The spokesman said that natural float ranged from under 500mln dlrs on Friday, for which he could give no reason, tonearly one billion dlrs on both Thursday and Wednesday.    The Fed spokeman could give no reason for Thursday's highfloat, but he said that about 750 mln dlrs of Wednesday'sfloat figure was due to holdover and transportation float attwo widely separated Fed districts.    For the week as a whole, he said that float related as ofadjustments were "small," adding that they fell to a negative750 mln dlrs on Tuesday due to a number of corrections forunrelated cash letter errors in six districts around thecountry.    The spokesman said that on both Tuesday and Wednesday, twodifferent clearing banks had system problems and the securitiesand Federal funds wires had to be held open until about 2000 or2100 EST on both days.    However, he said that both problems were cleared up duringboth afternoons and there was no evidence of any reserveimpact.    During the week ended Wednesday, 45 pct of net discountwindow borrowings were made by the smallest banks, with 30 pctby the 14 large money center banks and 25 pct by large regionalinstitutions.    On Wednesday, 55 pct of the borrowing was accounted for bythe money center banks, with 30 pct by the large regionals and15 pct by the smallest banks.    The Fed spokesman said the banking system had excessreserves on Thursday, Monday and Tuesday and a deficit onFriday and Wedndsday. That produced a small daily averagedeficit for the week as a whole.    For the two-week period, he said there were relatively highexcess reserves on a daily avearge, almost all of which were atthe smallest banks. Reuter&#3;